readme.md, before:



## Description

Provides a real-time Word Count and character count in the status-bar for Sublime Text. See: http://www.sublimetext.com/

Count words and/or characters on document or in selections. By default, whitespace is not included in the character count.

The minimal word length is 1 and does not count digits.

An estimated reading time is now appended to the end of the word count.

## Installation

Download or clone the contents of this repository to a folder named exactly as the package name into the Packages/ folder of ST.


## Preferences
Located under Sublime Text>Preferences>Package Settings>Settings — User
(You probably need to copy the default settings from the uneditable Sublime Text>Preferences>Package Settings>Settings — **Default**)


## Inspiration

 - The main loop inspired by sublimelint https://github.com/lunixbochs/sublimelint
 - The count inspired by the original WordCount plugin http://code.google.com/p/sublime-text-community-packages/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FWordCount committed by mindfiresoftware

## Contributors

 - Liam Cain
 - Lee Grey
 - Hawken Rives
 - Yaw Anokwa
 - James Brooks
 - Antony Male
 - Alex Galonsky
 - RikkiMongoose
 - ChrisJefferson
 - Harry Ng. (From [Word Count Tool](http://wordcounttools.com/))
 - MangleKuo
 - Nick Cody
 - Amanda Neumann

Commit message:

Updated README.md installation instructions

readme.md, after:



## Description

Provides a real-time Word Count and character count in the status-bar for Sublime Text. See: http://www.sublimetext.com/

Count words and/or characters on document or in selections. By default, whitespace is not included in the character count.

The minimal word length is 1 and does not count digits.

An estimated reading time is now appended to the end of the word count.


## Installation

### By Package Control

1. Download & Install `Sublime Text 3` (https://www.sublimetext.com/3)
1. Go to the menu `Tools -> Install Package Control`, then,
   wait few seconds until the `Package Control` installation finishes
1. Go to the menu `Preferences -> Package Control`
1. Type `Package Control Add Channel` on the opened quick panel and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
1. Then, input the following address and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/evandrocoan/StudioChannel/master/channel.json
   ```
1. Now, go again to the menu `Preferences -> Package Control`
1. This time type `Package Control Install Package` on the opened quick panel and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
1. Then, search for `WordCount` and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>

See also:
1. [ITE - Integrated Toolset Environment](https://github.com/evandrocoan/ITE)
1. [Package control docs](https://packagecontrol.io/docs/usage) for details.


## Preferences
Located under Sublime Text>Preferences>Package Settings>Settings — User
(You probably need to copy the default settings from the uneditable Sublime Text>Preferences>Package Settings>Settings — **Default**)


## Inspiration

 - The main loop inspired by sublimelint https://github.com/lunixbochs/sublimelint
 - The count inspired by the original WordCount plugin http://code.google.com/p/sublime-text-community-packages/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FWordCount committed by mindfiresoftware

## Contributors

 - Liam Cain
 - Lee Grey
 - Hawken Rives
 - Yaw Anokwa
 - James Brooks
 - Antony Male
 - Alex Galonsky
 - RikkiMongoose
 - ChrisJefferson
 - Harry Ng. (From [Word Count Tool](http://wordcounttools.com/))
 - MangleKuo
 - Nick Cody
 - Amanda Neumann
